back at the reservoir the sun is shining
on Katyn Fernando but that means the
Otters may have left their dens for the
day the opportunity to film them may
already have been lost
yeah there they are living the damn or
resistance it'll just kind of alert
assessing you are you do I like you with
their relaxed they are not alone you're
not in vain they noise it's just that
kind of a constant chattering hunted few
years for their fur they were nearly
driven to extinction here at least they
are safe creating a unique opportunity
for biologists to find out more about
their way of life make you better
sometimes and I can this window fast
from the front when you can't see the
tail but look amazingly like sea lions
yeah tiny little ears the because the
feet are totally wept they could almost
be flippers so to think this might be
the alpha male and female as to the
team's footage will help Fernando to
identify family members an important
step in the protection of these
incredible animals I can see why you
come back yeah